feat: handle send payment result wait logic (#99)
pagopa/pagopa-ecommerce-event-dispatcher-service: README.md

| CLOSE_PAYMENT_RETRY_EVENT_MAX_ATTEMPTS                       | Max attempts to be performed for close payment                                                                                                                                             | integer |         |
| CLOSE_PAYMENT_RETRY_EVENT_PAYMENT_TOKEN_VALIDITY_TIME_OFFSET | Configurable offset (in seconds) that will be taken in account for payment token validity time vs retry event visibility timeout check                                                     | integer | 10 sec  |
| NOTIFICATION_RETRY_EVENT_BASE_INTERVAL_SECONDS               | Base interval used to calculate visibility for next retried notification event                                                                                                             | integer |         |
| NOTIFICATION_RETRY_EVENT_MAX_ATTEMPTS                        | Max attempts to be performed for notification                                                                                                                                              | integer |         |

> | SEND_PAYMENT_RESULT_TIMEOUT_SECONDS                          | Max time (in seconds) to be awaited for the send payment result to be received for a given transaction                                                                                     | integer |         |
> | SEND_PAYMENT_RESULT_EXPIRATION_OFFSET_SECONDS                | Send payment result max time to wait expiration offset. This value is used for consider expired also transactions that have a send payment result timeout less than this offset as expired | integer |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SEND_PAYMENT_RESULT_TIMEOUT_SECONDS                          | Max time (in seconds) to be awaited for the `sendPaymentResult` callback (`POST /user-receipts` on `transactions-service`) to be received for a given transaction                                                                                     | integer |         |
| SEND_PAYMENT_RESULT_EXPIRATION_OFFSET_SECONDS                | Offset to SEND_PAYMENT_RESULT_TIMEOUT_SECONDS. Transactions that are stuck in CLOSED status for which an OK response has been received by Nodo after (SEND_PAYMENT_RESULT_TIMEOUT_SECONDS - SEND_PAYMENT_RESULT_EXPIRATION_OFFSET_SECONDS) are considered expired.  | integer |         |
```
